Quiz title: Top 100 Drugs - Week 2: Diabetes & Antiplatelet Medications
Quiz description: This quiz includes 30 multiple choice questions about the therapeutic class for medications in Drug Quiz 2. You will have 15 minutes to complete this quiz. You may repeat this quiz as many times as you would like and the highest score will be saved to the gradebook. It is highly recommended that you do NOT use your notes when you take the quiz as this will help you to determine your actual knowledge of the top 200 medications.

shuffle answers: true
show correct answers: true

1. Which is a brand name for Insulin Aspart?
*a) Novolog FexPen
b) Bydureon
c) Glucotrol
d) Plavix

2. Which is a brand name for Sitagliptin?
a) Novolog FexPen
*b) Januvia
c) NovoLog
d) Wegovy

3. Which is a brand name for Dapagliflozin?
a) Rybelsus
b) Bydureon
c) Glucophage
*d) Farxiga

4. Which is a brand name for Insulin glargine?
a) Actos
b) NovoLog
c) Rybelsus
*d) Lantus

5. Which is a brand name for Semaglutide?
*a) Wegovy
b) Lantus
c) Bydureon
d) Actos

6. What is the generic name for NovoLog?
a) Insulin glargine
*b) Insulin Aspart
c) Clopidogrel
d) Empagliflozin

7. What is the generic name for Amaryl?
a) Insulin Aspart
*b) Glimepiride
c) Dulaglutide
d) Glipizide

8. What is the generic name for Wegovy?
a) Insulin glargine
b) Clopidogrel
c) Empagliflozin
*d) Semaglutide

9. What is the generic name for Lantus?
a) Glimepiride
b) Metformin
c) Empagliflozin
*d) Insulin glargine

10. What is the generic name for Rybelsus?
a) Dulaglutide
b) Insulin glargine
c) Sitagliptin
*d) Semaglutide

11. What is the drug class of Sitagliptin?
a) Platelet aggregation inhibitor
*b) Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4-inhibitor)
c) Long-acting insulin
d) Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor

12. What is the drug class of Glipizide?
a) Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist
*b) Sulfonylurea
c) Long-acting insulin
d) Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4-inhibitor)

13. What is the drug class of Metformin?
*a) Biguanide
b) Thiazolidinedione
c) Sulfonylurea
d) Rapid-acting insulin

14. What is the drug class of Semaglutide?
a) Long-acting insulin
*b) Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist
c) Thiazolidinedione
d) Sulfonylurea

15. What is the drug class of Glimepiride?
a) Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor
*b) Sulfonylurea
c) Long-acting insulin
d) Platelet aggregation inhibitor

16. What is the drug class of Novolog FexPen?
a) Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor
b) Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4-inhibitor)
*c) Rapid-acting insulin
d) Biguanide

17. What is the drug class of Rybelsus?
*a) Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist
b) Long-acting insulin
c) Biguanide
d) Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4-inhibitor)

18. What is the drug class of Ozempic?
a) Biguanide
b) Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4-inhibitor)
*c) Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist
d) Thiazolidinedione

19. What is the drug class of Glucotrol?
a) Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4-inhibitor)
b) Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor
c) Rapid-acting insulin
*d) Sulfonylurea

20. What is the drug class of Farxiga?
a) Long-acting insulin
b) Rapid-acting insulin
c) Platelet aggregation inhibitor
*d) Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor

21. Which FDA approved indication applies to Metformin?
a) Type 2 diabetes mellitus
b) Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus
c) Chronic kidney disease
*d) Polycystic ovary syndrome

22. Which FDA approved indication applies to Sitagliptin?
a) Prevention of thrombosis in arteriosclerotic vascular disease
b) Heart failure
*c) Type 2 diabetes mellitus
d) Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus

23. Which FDA approved indication applies to Insulin Aspart?
a) Prevention of thrombosis in arteriosclerotic vascular disease
*b) Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus
c) Chronic kidney disease
d) Heart failure

24. Which FDA approved indication applies to Dapagliflozin?
a) Heart failure
b) Prevention of thrombosis in arteriosclerotic vascular disease
*c) Chronic kidney disease
d) Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus

25. Which FDA approved indication applies to Glimepiride?
a) Heart failure
*b) Type 2 diabetes mellitus
c) Myocardial infarction
d) Chronic kidney disease

26. Which FDA approved indication applies to Plavix?
a) Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus
*b) Prevention of thrombosis in arteriosclerotic vascular disease
c) Heart failure
d) Weight loss

27. Which FDA approved indication applies to Actos?
a) Prevention of thrombosis in arteriosclerotic vascular disease
*b) Type 2 diabetes mellitus
c) Weight loss
d) Polycystic ovary syndrome

28. Which FDA approved indication applies to Glucophage?
a) Chronic kidney disease
b) Type 2 diabetes mellitus
c) Weight loss
*d) Polycystic ovary syndrome

29. Which FDA approved indication applies to Rybelsus?
*a) Weight loss
b) Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus
c) Prevention of thrombosis in arteriosclerotic vascular disease
d) Myocardial infarction

30. Which FDA approved indication applies to Trulicity?
a) Polycystic ovary syndrome
*b) Weight loss
c) Myocardial infarction
d) Chronic kidney disease

