Quiz title: Top 200 Drugs - Week 9: Miscellaneous II
Quiz description: This quiz includes 30 multiple choice questions about the therapeutic class for medications in Drug Quiz 9. You will have 15 minutes to complete this quiz. You may repeat this quiz as many times as you would like and the highest score will be saved to the gradebook. It is highly recommended that you do NOT use your notes when you take the quiz as this will help you to determine your actual knowledge of the top 200 medications.

shuffle answers: true
show correct answers: true

1. Which is a brand name for Galcanezumab?
a) Adderall
b) Wezlana
c) Latuda
*d) Emgality

2. Which is a brand name for Erenumab?
*a) Aimovig
b) Simlandi
c) Hadlima
d) Mydayis

3. Which is a brand name for Ustekinumab?
a) Prograf
*b) Otulfi
c) Adderall XR
d) Simlandi

4. Which is a brand name for Mirabegron?
a) Simlandi
b) Adderall XR
*c) Myrbetriq
d) Hadlima

5. Which is a brand name for Tacrolimus?
a) Latuda
*b) Envarsus XR
c) Keytruda
d) Emgality

6. What is the generic name for Wezlana?
a) Mirabegron
*b) Ustekinumab
c) Adalimumab
d) Lurasidone

7. What is the generic name for Envarsus XR?
a) Lurasidone
*b) Tacrolimus
c) Galcanezumab
d) Pembrolizumab

8. What is the generic name for Latuda?
a) Pembrolizumab
b) Erenumab
c) Galcanezumab
*d) Lurasidone

9. What is the generic name for Adderall XR?
*a) Amphetamine/dextroamphetamine salts
b) Tacrolimus
c) Pembrolizumab
d) Mirabegron

10. What is the generic name for Simlandi?
a) Amphetamine/dextroamphetamine salts
b) Mirabegron
c) Pembrolizumab
*d) Adalimumab

11. What is the drug class of Amphetamine/dextroamphetamine salts?
*a) CNS Stimulant
b) Calcineurin inhibitor
c) Second generation antipsychotic
d) Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist

12. What is the drug class of Pembrolizumab?
a) Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blocking agent
*b) Anti-PD-1
c) Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist
d) β3-agonist

13. What is the drug class of Tacrolimus?
*a) Calcineurin inhibitor
b) Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blocking agent
c) Interleukin-12 (IL-12) and Interleukin-23 (IL-23) inhibitor
d) β3-agonist

14. What is the drug class of Erenumab?
*a) Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist
b) Second generation antipsychotic
c) Interleukin-12 (IL-12) and Interleukin-23 (IL-23) inhibitor
d) β3-agonist

15. What is the drug class of Mirabegron?
a) Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blocking agent
*b) β3-agonist
c) Interleukin-12 (IL-12) and Interleukin-23 (IL-23) inhibitor
d) Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist

16. What is the drug class of Latuda?
*a) Second generation antipsychotic
b) Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blocking agent
c) Anti-PD-1
d) Interleukin-12 (IL-12) and Interleukin-23 (IL-23) inhibitor

17. What is the drug class of Stelara?
a) Calcineurin inhibitor
b) β3-agonist
*c) Interleukin-12 (IL-12) and Interleukin-23 (IL-23) inhibitor
d) Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist

18. What is the drug class of Prograf?
a) Second generation antipsychotic
*b) Calcineurin inhibitor
c) Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blocking agent
d) Interleukin-12 (IL-12) and Interleukin-23 (IL-23) inhibitor

19. What is the drug class of Emgality?
a) Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blocking agent
b) Calcineurin inhibitor
c) CNS Stimulant
*d) Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist

20. What is the drug class of Keytruda?
a) Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist
*b) Anti-PD-1
c) CNS Stimulant
d) Second generation antipsychotic

21. Which FDA approved indication applies to Amphetamine/dextroamphetamine salts?
a) Schizophrenia
b) Multiple cancers
c) Rheumatoid arthritis
*d) Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder

22. Which FDA approved indication applies to Tacrolimus?
*a) Organ rejection prophylaxis
b) Psoriasis
c) Multiple cancers
d) Schizophrenia

23. Which FDA approved indication applies to Mirabegron?
*a) Overactive bladder
b) Migraine prevention
c) Ulcerative colitis
d) Bipolar disorder

24. Which FDA approved indication applies to Adalimumab?
a) Organ rejection prophylaxis
b) Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
c) Schizophrenia
*d) Psoriasis

25. Which FDA approved indication applies to Erenumab?
*a) Migraine prevention
b) Overactive bladder
c) Rheumatoid arthritis
d) Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder

26. Which FDA approved indication applies to Prograf?
a) Schizophrenia
b) Multiple cancers
c) Psoriatic arthritis
*d) Organ rejection prophylaxis

27. Which FDA approved indication applies to Latuda?
a) Psoriasis
*b) Bipolar disorder
c) Overactive bladder
d) Rheumatoid arthritis

28. Which FDA approved indication applies to Stelara?
a) Overactive bladder
b) Crohn disease
*c) Ulcerative colitis
d) Schizophrenia

29. Which FDA approved indication applies to Myrbetriq?
a) Ulcerative colitis
b) Rheumatoid arthritis
c) Psoriatic arthritis
*d) Overactive bladder

30. Which FDA approved indication applies to Hadlima?
a) Multiple cancers
*b) Crohn disease
c) Psoriatic arthritis
d) Psoriasis

